[Music]
seven ultimate exercises for
bubble-shaped buttocks with summer
around the corner everybody's worried
about getting their bum ready for the
bikini and even in the colder months a
flat Fanny and skinny jeans just doesn't
give you that wow factor you know so get
into your sportswear because we're gonna
give that butt of yours a proper workout
oh and stick through it till the end for
an exciting bonus but before we start
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
and hit that little notification bell so
that you won't miss our new videos
exercise number one curtsy we're not
talking about the polite ladylike curtsy
but its athletic cousin its
indispensable for toning the glutes
slimming down the inner and outer thighs
and strengthening the core muscles start
by standing with your legs
shoulder-width apart from this position
take a big step backwards and to the
side towards the supporting leg then to
the knee of the supporting leg to curtsy
and then stand up and return to the
initial position let's begin with your
left leg ready then do the exercise as I
count one
two three four five six seven eight nine
10 11 12 13 14 and 15
not bad just don't let your knee go past
your toes let's do the right leg now one
two three four five six
[Music]
7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 and 15
Bravo exercise number 2 kettlebell squat
kettlebell squats are great at
strengthening the lower back as well as
the hips and legs and if you don't have
a kettlebell you can always grab a
gallon of milk or something weighty
all right same starting position as last
time just bend your knees slightly into
an incomplete squat keep your back
straight while lowering your kettlebell
towards the floor then stand back up
again we're gonna do two sets of 15
let's go on my count one two three four
five six
7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 and 15 nice feel
the burn in your buttocks good that
means you're doing it right and one more
set 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
last one
great take a quick breather and we'll
move on to the next exercise exercise
number three
deadlift deadlift is one of the most
powerful exercises especially for your
bum it increases fat burning improves
your posture and gives a good workout to
your muscles so legs shoulder-width
apart and your knees slightly bent now
lean forward while keeping your arms and
back straight and then stand back up
easy right again you can get creative
with your weight if you don't have a
barbell okay get into that starting
position and 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 and 15 just like with the
kettlebell squats tension in your booty
is a good sign of proper form deep
breath in and exhale let's do 15 more 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
amazing you hanging in there good let's
keep going exercise number 4 high knees
this one's a pretty easy exercise that
you're probably already aware of all you
have to do is raise your knee up to hip
level hold the position for two to three
seconds and then put it back down see
piece of cake let's start with your left
knee raise it as I count 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
eight nine ten eleven
12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24
[Music]
25 and take a short break
keep in mind that as you bring one knee
up
you should feel tension in the opposite
butt cheek so now as we raise the right
knee you'll feel the burn in your left
buttock if you're doing the exercise
right let's get to it
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 incredible
don't lose your energy now because it's
time for the next exercise exercise
number 5 step ups the name says it all
you're gonna step up with your right and
left leg one after the other then raise
your knee high up and feel the tension
in your opposite buttock no more talk
let's get down to butt shaping business
we'll start with the left leg as usual
one two three four five six seven eight
nine 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
this exercise engages tons of muscle
groups especially those in your legs and
butt now for your right leg 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
beautiful exercise number 6 leg up plank
planking is an exercise that should be
in every workout possible it tones a
whole slew of muscle groups including
your abs obliques and most important
your glutes but we are gonna pump up the
difficulty to boost the effect basically
all you have to do is get into a plank
raise one of your legs and hold this
position for two seconds left leg first
one
[Music]
two three four five six seven
eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
fourteen one more time and done and rest
you doing okay you shouldn't feel any
pain in your arms or shoulders tension
in your belly and buttocks is a good
sign though one two three four five six
seven
eight nine 10 11 12 13 14 15 well done
[Music]
exercise number seven single leg bridge
the single leg bridge lifts and sculpts
your buttocks while strengthening your
core to do it lie on your back with your
arms down to your sides and your knees
bent up towards the ceiling you'll then
raise one of your legs and lift your
hips up off the ground let's do 20 reps
for each leg get into the initial
position lift your leg up and let's do
this one two three four five
[Music]
six seven eight nine 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 19 20 oh don't forget to
breathe your exhales should be when you
lift your hips up let's begin our right
leg set 1 2 3 4
five six seven eight nine 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 17 18
19:20 and you my friend are done for
today give yourself a pat on the back
you earned it
don't forget to do this workout
regularly and you'll have the tiny waist
and taut touch of your dreams in no time
there are actually a couple more things
you can do in addition to this training
session
that'll give you beautiful buns so sit
back relax and listen up if you want to
achieve even better results try a coffee
salt scrub to make it you'll need three
and a half ounces of ground coffee three
and a half ounces of salt one tablespoon
of olive or avocado oil and two to three
drops of orange essential oil mix it all
up put it in the fridge and make sure to
scrub your legs and buttocks with it
after each training session besides that
you can also add some other rituals to
your daily routine like taking contrast
showers or dry brushing your lifestyle
is important too so try to eat more
protein and healthy fats like avocado or
fish always drink plenty of water and
get a good night's sleep if you follow
all these steps along with the training
the perfect body won't be a dream
anymore it'll be your reality and what
about you do you have any secrets of
your own on how to get a gorgeous
shapely backside tell me in the comments
below don't forget to click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]
you